c:\users\thuan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLPhimService\QLPhimService\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\thuan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLPhimService\QLPhimService\bin\QLPhimService.dll.config
c:\users\thuan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLPhimService\QLPhimService\bin\QLPhimService.dll
c:\users\thuan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLPhimService\QLPhimService\bin\QLPhimService.pdb
c:\users\thuan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLPhimService\QLPhimService\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\thuan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLPhimService\QLPhimService\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\thuan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLPhimService\QLPhimService\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\thuan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLPhimService\QLPhimService\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\thuan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLPhimService\QLPhimService\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\thuan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLPhimService\QLPhimService\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\thuan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLPhimService\QLPhimService\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\thuan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLPhimService\QLPhimService\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\thuan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLPhimService\QLPhimService\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\thuan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLPhimService\QLPhimService\bin\QLPhimBDO.dll
c:\users\thuan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLPhimService\QLPhimService\bin\QLPhimLogic.dll
c:\users\thuan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLPhimService\QLPhimService\bin\QLPhimDAO.dll
c:\users\thuan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLPhimService\QLPhimService\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\thuan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLPhimService\QLPhimService\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\thuan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLPhimService\QLPhimService\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\thuan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLPhimService\QLPhimService\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\thuan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLPhimService\QLPhimService\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\thuan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLPhimService\QLPhimService\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\thuan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLPhimService\QLPhimService\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\thuan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLPhimService\QLPhimService\bin\QLPhimBDO.pdb
c:\users\thuan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLPhimService\QLPhimService\bin\QLPhimLogic.pdb
c:\users\thuan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLPhimService\QLPhimService\bin\QLPhimDAO.pdb
c:\users\thuan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLPhimService\QLPhimService\obj\Debug\QLPhimService.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\thuan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLPhimService\QLPhimService\obj\Debug\QLPhimService.dll
c:\users\thuan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLPhimService\QLPhimService\obj\Debug\QLPhimService.pdb
